yo what's going on guys this is cod
fillets and in this video I'm gonna be
discussing the brand new anti-cheat
system that's going to be coming to gt5
online with the holiday DLC update now
sorry about the gameplay might be a
little boring but I thought it was
pretty funny because the NPC was in
shock because of the crash and like I
said in my past two videos all this
leaked information is leaked by very
credible source he's very reputable and
his name is Nell xmods so he leaked a
bunch of things that's going to be
coming with the holiday deal see and one
of the things was the anti-cheat system
that I never actually went in-depth to
until this video if you guys want to
know all the other awesome things that's
going to be inside of the holiday update
make sure to check my description
because that's what I'm gonna have the
video link now it's kind of sad how we
have to have modders to leak information
cuz rockstar takes forever to release
all of it so since rocks are never
confirmed any of this obviously it's not
confirmed it's just being leaked and
speculated so obviously one of the brand
new thinks he found is this brand new
anti-cheat system which is probably
going to prevent players from doing
money glitches and RP glitches now those
kind of glitches will always be
available to you guys just because
rockstar could not perfect every little
thing but one thing they can do is like
make their system stronger to find out
who's actually doing it so I think
they're gonna track every single
person's money and RP that they gain in
a certain amount of time now right now
rockstar could actually track what
you're earning as well if you're signed
up to their social club website but if
you're not I don't think they can but in
the next update it's gonna be more
improved which means it's probably going
to track everyone's so if you are in
about 1 million dollars in 10 minutes
that's impossible in gt5 online so
they're gonna know you did some sort of
money glitch so they'll throw you inside
of a cheaters full same thing goes for
RP so I'm warning you guys about this
right now because I know in the next
update a lot of people are still going
to be posting money glitches and a lot
of people are going to be doing them and
I don't want them to be unaware of the
consequences so if you guys want to do a
money glitch err in our P glitch right
now is definitely the time before the
update another thing that popped up into
my head is not only will they be able to
track how much fun you're making they're
probably going to be able to track what
kind of cars you're selling and how far
apart you're selling them so if you're
bypassing the 45 minute wait obviously
they're going to detect
I throw into a cheaters pool but if
you're selling different cars over the
45 minute wait that might be a little
bypass to not get banned I'm not sure
since all we do know is the word
brand-new anti-cheat system let me know
what you guys think about it down in the
comments below of how it might be like
also after the new update comes out let
me know if you still want to be seeing
money glitches in our P glitches i
really want to post them because it does
help you guys out because it takes
forever to make money and level up
online but who knows how strong it's
going to be so hopefully there's going
to be a way around the anti-cheat system
to not get caught as easily now
obviously rocks are don't want people
doing these things because they want
people to buy shark cards because
they're DLCs are free and they still
want to make money off of their shark
cards too now obviously money glitches
will earn you a lot of money and if you
do them you're not going to buy shark
cards which is exactly what Rockstar
does not want you to do they want you to
be buying the shark cards which in all
honesty is kind of fair for them to do
that just because you don't really want
cheaters on your game and also a nice
thing is that all the DLCs are free it's
not like Call of Duty where you have to
pay for it so if you guys did it like
the video and found it helpful don't
forget to drop a like down below and
also subscribe to my channel so you guys
never miss a future GTA 5 video from me
it's been caught flaws in a mouthpiece
thanks for watching